Once upon a time, there was a hardworking tailor. One day, as always, he opened his shop early in the morning. He saw that many flies were flying in his shop. The tailor said, “Here you go, flies! What are you doing in my shop!” he cried. He got all 9 flies in one hit. Meanwhile, noises were coming from outside. The tailor went up to the window to find out what had happened. The brave tailor said, “Hey! What is happening there?" said. Voices rose from the crowd. “The wicked giant has fed us all. We are considering a solution.” they said. The brave tailor said, “I can save you from the giant. I am so strong. I take 9 lives in one hit. He said, "Take me to the king." The brave tailor went up to the king. “I know how to catch the giant.” said. “This is not possible,” said the king. The king's assistants said in surprise, "Are you going to save us from the giant? You're just a little kid." they mocked. But when the king saw that his thesis was very firm, he said to him, "If you catch the giant, I will marry you to my daughter." said. The brave tailor went to the forest to find the giant. “The giant does not scare me. I have to use my mind. I have scissors, needle and thread. How can I use them wisely?” he was thinking. The brave tailor has finally found the giant. He's behind him. “Hey, look!” said. The giant is back. He looked down at the brave tailor. The giant said, “Ha ha ha! How could you try to bother me with your tiny self? You are like a fly to me. Let me crush you now and see." said. Seeing what had happened, a little bird said to the brave tailor, “Get out of here while you still have time!” said. The evil giant has taken possession of the brave tailor. But the tailor was never afraid. "Let's make a deal with you. Your dress is so bad. I am a tailor. If you want, I can make you a beautiful dress. After that, you can do whatever you want with me. But let me take your measurements." said. The foolish giant accepted the tailor's offer. The tailor was pretending to take the giant's measurements. But he was actually tying the giant. When the giant realized that he was tied up, he was confused as to what to do. The giant said, “Help! They are tying me. If I am saved, I will eat you like an olive”, he started to shout. The brave tailor clamped the giant. The king's soldiers also came and captured the giant. The king said to the brave tailor, “You are very brave. As I promised, I will marry my beautiful daughter to you.” said. The brave tailor and the princess got married in a magnificent wedding in the palace. The brave tailor who used his mind lived happily with the princess until the end of his life.